Update README.md (#41)
vtex-apps/mega-menu: docs/README.md

📢 Don't fork this project. Use, contribute, or open issues through [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

# Mega menu

> ##  ⚠️ Maintenance ⚠️
> *Starting June 1st 2023, this application will no longer be maintained by VTEX.*
> 
> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This app is no longer maintained by VTEX.

```
